Source: https://www.usa.gov/benefit-finder

Find government benefits and financial help | USAGov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Home Close Search Government benefits Find government benefits and financial help Disability Death of a loved one Retirement Español Menu Search All topics and services The U.S. and its government Government benefits Immigration and U.S. citizenship Money and credit Taxes Travel Home Government benefits Find government benefits and financial help Find government benefits and financial help Use the benefit finder tool or search by category to learn which benefits you and your family may be eligible for. Understand how to apply for what you qualify for. Benefit finder tool Answer some basic questions to get a customized list of potential government benefits you may be eligible for during life events. Living with a disability or illness Whether you are newly disabled or have a lifelong challenge, assistance may be available, including financial help. Dealing with the death of a loved one Find government survivor benefits including COVID-19 funeral benefits, housing, and education help. Approaching retirement Find out what financial, health care, and other benefits may be available as you enter this next phase of your life. Find benefits by category Select at least one category to find benefits you may qualify for and information on how to apply. Select all Children and families Death Disabilities Disasters Education Food Health Housing and utilities Jobs and unemployment Military and veterans Retirement and seniors Welfare and cash assistance Apply selections Clear selections SHARE THIS PAGE: Top Government information All topics and services Directory of U.S. government agencies and departments Branches of government About us About USAGov Report a website issue Website usage data For federal agencies Partner with us Read our blog For media USAGov Outreach Feature articles USAGov is the official guide to government information and services An official website of the U.S. General Services Administration Accessibility policy Privacy and security policies FOIA requests