Source: https://www.usa.gov/consumer-complaints

Complaints about consumer products and services | USAGov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Home Close Search [redacted-phone] Complaints Consumer product and service complaints Complaints about online purchases Complaint about a company’s products or services File a complaint about your car Telemarketer and scam call complaints Phone company complaints Complaints about cable or satellite television Español Menu Call us at [redacted-phone] Search All topics and services The U.S. and its government Government benefits Immigration and U.S. citizenship Money and credit Taxes Travel Home Complaints Consumer product and service complaints Complaints Complaints against the government current page Consumer product and service complaints Complaints about online purchases Complaint about a company’s products or services File a complaint about your car Telemarketer and scam call complaints Phone company complaints Complaints about cable or satellite television Bank, credit, and securities complaints Housing complaints Complaints about travel State consumer protection offices Complaints about consumer products and services Learn how to file complaints about online purchases, companies, and telemarketers. Know where to file complaints about products and services. Where to file a complaint about an online purchase If you have a complaint about a purchase you made online, learn how to resolve it with the seller or website. Or get additional help from a federal or state agency. How to file a complaint about a company’s products or services If you have an issue with a product or service, learn the steps to file a complaint with the company. Or get consumer or legal help if you cannot resolve your complaint. Where to file a complaint about your car Learn where to file a complaint about your car if you cannot get your issue resolved with the dealer, auto loan company, or manufacturer. Complain about phone and text scams, robocalls, and telemarketers Learn how to file a complaint about unwanted calls and texts from telemarketers and scammers or register with the Do Not Call Registry. Where to file phone company complaints Learn where to complain about your home phone or cell phone company. Where to file a complaint about cable or satellite television Find out where to complain about your cable or satellite television service or provider. SHARE THIS PAGE: Top Government information All topics and services Directory of U.S. government agencies and departments Branches of government About us About USAGov Report a website issue Website usage data For federal agencies Partner with us Read our blog For media USAGov Outreach Feature articles USAGov Contact Center Ask USA.gov a question at [redacted-phone] ([redacted-phone]) USAGov is the official guide to government information and services An official website of the U.S. General Services Administration Accessibility policy Privacy and security policies FOIA requests